hey guys today I want to do a quickie a
video here checking out the brand new
wallpapers here in the Nexus 6 100 6.0
which they now call it here the standard
version in Android M Developer Preview 3
and the Developer Preview 3 is yeah
everyone can download in in soliton it's
M stands for marshmallow so let's just
go in here you sold in here on the home
screens and go down to wallpapers so to
see 123456789 yeah kind of nine so let's
take a look at them here here is the
first one I can also say that I will
probably have a link petition if you
want to download the wallpapers to your
phone so this is the first one some kind
of them is that water I think so let's
go back well okay this is the second one
and then I guess it is a pretty nice
this looks like smoke I'm not sure I
stuff water I think so I may be wrong
and then we also have here some border
thing I guess some mountains this is the
most boring one I find he I don't like
yellow I don't like the pattern it makes
it a bit boring i find i like this one
it's a bluish no it's not below the
screen yeah that's green and that's like
some kind of torque it does look like
grey I guess let's see what else did you
have in here I like this one also looks
a little bit I mean looks like robot
Android it it it's nice and what else do
we have here and then they also have
some more life view here this looks like
it's out of fish it almost looks like
it's underwater definitely nice here
with the blue sky I like that one and i
guess i have to pop out every time
here I don't know another way to do it
this one is also pretty cool a pyramid
here and we don't know how to build us
or I think at least nobody knows but it
was heavy work it was heavy work to move
up those stones because they were heavy
and then we have this one definite
definite difference one of the more
nicer one I think it's this like Grand
Canyon or something in the u.s. I think
so and it's very dangerous you don't
want to fall down so be careful if you
get to that place and but yeah as I said
I will have my position if you want to
check them out I also probably will
check out some other things here with
this new version here of Android and you
can also see little pull one here last
night it looks like and yeah I like
Liverpool so it's very nice here google
knows that what team are like yeah and I
can also see here you can see on droid
six point oh definitely know if you
wanna see some specific inversion and I
believe what I can do but yeah stay
tuned for the september-october months
because we're gonna get tunnel new
phones coming and that's going to be
amazing mostly